c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Digger.exe
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Digger.pdb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\obj\x86\Debug\Digger.exe
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\obj\x86\Debug\Digger.pdb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\Common\Background.xnb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\Menu\GrassOne.xnb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\Menu\GrassThree.xnb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\Menu\GrassTwo.xnb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\NavigationButtons\NewGame.xnb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\NavigationButtons\BestScores.xnb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\NavigationButtons\Exit.xnb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\NavigationButtons\Help.xnb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\NavigationButtons\LoadGame.xnb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\NavigationButtons\Options.xnb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\Menu\Clouds.xnb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\Menu\Sky.xnb
c:\users\jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\Menu\GroundBuffer.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Worm.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\NavigationButtons\Clouds.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\Common\MenuFrame.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\NavigationButtons\Play.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\NavigationButtons\GoBack.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\Silkscreen.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\obj\x86\Debug\Digger.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Views\Common\IBeam.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\GroundFree.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\GroundOne.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\GroundTwo.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Fruits\Candy.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Fruits\Kiwi.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Fruits\Lemon.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Fruits\Orange.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Fruits\Plum.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Fruits\RedFive.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Fruits\RedFour.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Fruits\RedOne.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Fruits\RedThree.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Fruits\RedTwo.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Fruits\Watermelon.xnb
C:\Users\Jakub\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Digger\Digger\Digger\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Game\Door.xnb
